DOCS-3759: Document refund receipts (#2604)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/payment-management/refunds.md

- Bank transfers: 2 to 3 business days, depending on the customer's bank
- Cards: 1 to 14 business days, depending on the <<glossary:issuer>>

##  Refund receipt

If a customer wants a receipt for a refund, you can download a PDF version from your dashboard. This is supported for all payment methods except <<glossary:BNPL>>.

<details id="how-to-download-refund-receipt">
<summary>How to download a refund receipt</summary>
<br>

> To download refund receipt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download a refund receipt:
```

- Bank transfers: 2 to 3 business days, depending on the customer's bank
- Cards: 1 to 14 business days, depending on the <<glossary:issuer>>

> ## Proof of refund

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Refund receipt
```

> You can download proof of refund via your dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a customer wants to see proof of a refund, you can download a PDF from your dashboard. This is supported for all payment methods except <<glossary:BNPL>>.

For how to add your header or logo to the proof of refund, see [Logos and icons](/docs/sites#logos-and-icons).
```

Reviewer: It's useful to state WHY a merchant might want to do something.

> <details id="proof-of-payment">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details id="how-to-download-proof-of-refund">
```

> <summary>How to download proof of refund</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>How to download a refund receipt</summary>
```

<br>

> To download proof of refund:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To download a refund receipt:
```

1. Sign in to your <a href="https://merchant.multisafepay.com" target="_blank">MultiSafepay dashboard</a> <i class="fa fa-external-link" style="font-size:12px;color:#8b929e"></i>.
2. Go to **Transactions** > **Transaction overview**.

> 3. In the **Keyword** search box, enter **Refunds**, and then click the relevant transaction. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the **Keyword** search box, enter "refund", and then click the relevant transaction. 
```

> 3. On the **Transaction details** page, under **Transaction summary**, click the **PDF icon** in the payment method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. On the **Transaction details** page, under **Transaction summary**, click the **PDF icon** next to **Payment method: Refund**.
```

>     The proof of refund is downloaded in a PDF document format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The proof of refund PDF is downloaded.
```

> **Supported payment methods** 
> 
> - All payment methods except pay later methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

</details>

> For instructions about displaying your header or logo on your proof of refund, see [Sites - Logos and icons](/docs/sites#logos-and-icons/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
